README.md, before:

# rotki/action-job-checker

> An action designed to dynamically enable different jobs of rotki's CI for execution

The job detects if the contents of folders have been modified and then proceeds to run jobs that are required
for this folder.

## Usage

### Basic

You setup the job checker in the following way:
```yaml
  check-changes:
    name: 'Required job check'
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    outputs:
      backend_tasks: ${{ steps.checker.outputs.backend_tasks }}
      frontend_tasks: ${{ steps.checker.outputs.frontend_tasks }}
      documentation_tasks: ${{ steps.checker.outputs.documentation_tasks }}
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Run check action
        uses: rotki/action-job-checker@v1
        id: checker
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          documentation_paths: |
            docs
          backend_paths: |
            rotkehlchen
            requirements.txt
            requirements_dev.txt
            requirements_lint.txt
          frontend_paths: |
            frontend/app
```

You use the output of the job in other jobs to enable disable running after push.

```yaml
  lint-frontend:
    name: 'Frontend lint'
    needs: ['check-changes']
    if: ${{ needs.check-changes.outputs.frontend_tasks }}
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
     ...
```

#### Outputs
The action has the following outputs:

- **frontend_tasks**: boolean
- **backend_tasks**: boolean
- **documentation_tasks**: boolean
- **test_environment**: string (**''** | **nfts** | **nightly**)

## Commit message support

### General

The action supports the following commit message flags:

- `[run all]` will run all the jobs regardless of the change status of a monitored directory.
- `[skip ci]` or `[ci skip]` will not run any of the jobs regardless of the change status of the monitoring directory.

### Backend

- `[skip py tests]` will not run the python backend tests regardless of the change status of the monitored directory.
- `[run nft py tests]` will set the `test_environment` output to `nft`.
- `[run all py tests]` will set the `test_environment` output flag to `nightly`

Commit message:

Adds support for tags to run only frontend or e2e tasks
Also updates the action dependencies

README.md, after:

# rotki/action-job-checker

> An action designed to dynamically enable different jobs of rotki's CI for execution

The job detects if the contents of folders have been modified and then proceeds to run jobs that are required
for this folder.

## Usage

### Basic

You setup the job checker in the following way:
```yaml
  check-changes:
    name: 'Required job check'
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    outputs:
      backend_tasks: ${{ steps.checker.outputs.backend_tasks }}
      frontend_tasks: ${{ steps.checker.outputs.frontend_tasks }}
      documentation_tasks: ${{ steps.checker.outputs.documentation_tasks }}
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v3
      - name: Run check action
        uses: rotki/action-job-checker@v1
        id: checker
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          documentation_paths: |
            docs
          backend_paths: |
            rotkehlchen
            requirements.txt
            requirements_dev.txt
            requirements_lint.txt
          frontend_paths: |
            frontend/app
```

You use the output of the job in other jobs to enable disable running after push.

```yaml
  lint-frontend:
    name: 'Frontend lint'
    needs: ['check-changes']
    if: ${{ needs.check-changes.outputs.frontend_tasks }}
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
     ...
```

#### Outputs
The action has the following outputs:

- **frontend_tasks**: boolean
- **e2e_tasks**: boolean
- **backend_tasks**: boolean
- **documentation_tasks**: boolean
- **test_environment**: string (**''** | **nfts** | **nightly**)

## Commit message support

### General

The action supports the following commit message flags:

- `[run all]` will run all the jobs regardless of the change status of a monitored directory.
- `[skip ci]` or `[ci skip]` will not run any of the jobs regardless of the change status of the monitoring directory.
- `[run e2e]` will run only the e2e test suite
- `[run frontend]` will run only the frontend tasks (including e2e)
### Backend

- `[skip py tests]` will not run the python backend tests regardless of the change status of the monitored directory.
- `[run nft py tests]` will set the `test_environment` output to `nft`.
- `[run all py tests]` will set the `test_environment` output flag to `nightly`
